# Microwave_book

The installation of the "Microwave Solutions" program comprises the following steps:

• Transfer of installation files to the local storage environment (SSD/HDD). Within this stage, the program stored in the cloud is accessed at https://github.com/scantaragiu/microwave_book.git, from where to be copied and downloaded on the local storage medium the files (repository) "Micowave_book". This warehouse contains all the necessary files to perform the installation and running of the program. To download the files will be clicked on the Code button and choose the Download ZIP option. After successfully downloading the archive, it will be unzipped in the directory in which it is desired to install the application on the local storage environment.

• Installation of the runtime library (Matlab Component Runtime or MCR). This library contains all the functions called by the "Microwave Solutions" program, as well as the Windows graphic interface functions, the internal functions of Matlab, the complex mathematical computing libraries, etc. The installation program is called "setup.exe", located in the director of MCRinstaller. This program is launched in execution and the instructions on the screen are followed. It will install the MCR library in the location chosen by you. This stage will use around 200 MB of the free space on the local storage environment.

• Running the "Microwave Solutions" program. The "start.exe" file is launched, copied on the local storage environment, as indicated in the previous steps. At the first launch in execution, the extraction of the program files within the Archive file of the "start.ctf" application will be made. This operation will not be repeated in the subsequent launches of the program, which will be faster. After the installation of the "Microwave Solutions" program, each start will be carried out by launching the "start.exe" file. It is recommended to create an icon on the desktop, which facilitates the launch of this application.
